Yes, there always possible to very much the better if this Hey you there you
That's why you also have a nice day
Thank you. Ya's is expected to very much common I opened the video did you say very much
I 'm sorry for a while
Such is the enemy buffalo or igl
In short, I can leave it to Art Frances
Splashed Sometimes Well I is off this Well's gonna be like this
Youtube Saff not to take a graceful Tteyuu Is how well this kind of video to even
Likely Tsukamatsuri in the mood of whether think we need to suggestions of
playstation 4
Mom you and this is a video during this time, and this is class?
Amazon this ok that is ok Please try to search until it gets an answer
It is a class Nekato
To put it simply, I went to the stallion's Yodobashi camera and did something like this morning
The Chat
It is why little woke up early this morning I'm there is also a form of say standing ended up with the woman
The
As always this other net addiction etc
It is If you look with that high commentary site banner Somehow Yodobashi
Yodobashi is in the wind that seems to be impossible stock of Yodobashi store which seems to be in stock
In've been saying
I've been there that day I've been there and I'm going to take pictures of videos and photos of elements inside
I do not have
Oh, I bought it from stock Morimori & personality
Buy Hey do is I'll I say also why good in this
I'm taking this person here is a point iron I use taking when carrying it
525 Dubai's I'm are carefully wrote I dont is the lighting that was kept in the house
It feels like you're sticking it here
Chau Taki profit doing this when the frog is this have I'd be better to me stuck
I No Choi'm already embarrassed
Hey
I wonder if there is something that thin product spot sale meeting something or something like the way home
I felt it
Yes I move where I do not know dough made by Is this something good but uh more
Trend this
It is Pole while it is, but this is not the main body anymore
Screen N What do Yoshihiko bot PlayStation a massage
There are good people, too, with some extras
Let's talk and play with me pros
3 months I want free tickets are with everyone you know not that such information but
Well then the contents are the contents of the first poison store just before, but it will be announced
God
Lower hayato day and heart type too Barton
String start a
I wonder if what that has something out of all oil made from petroleum
Yes controller seems to be dualshock 4 something from this time
Wrong
Only one Condler This is of course the main body What I want most to worry about
I mean
And the output port is going on
Well about here is digital out
The ap period optical audio is sdm out
lan cable 屋 上 roof top Ritter and power It's like what I think after all behind
It is said to say
The say now the environment is very I do best very best Naa environment of the press sd is
I and had become something like
Ne of my
The screen I use is not TV
It's a computer game PC monitor I 'm not cargo I play a game
Other than that, I have only the sound that I was able to play with amps and speaker girls
In the video there is only red, white, blue and blue sound before the Evolder 's age day .
It was
Preste 3 is actually hdmi
How many reds, whites, and yellows are there? Adults play in both of them.
Output is possible + press 3 video ah dm audio red white cable
Furthermore, I'm a neo-I'm using people Blu-ray when watching games and movies always
It is using this when you see this
But I think that in the of the channel and said, stiff This is
There is no more hdmi or achoice cable in the transmitter optical audio
I we were able to listen in this way to visit with Gunner reward the input combat in multi-out
To and wonder if good in headphones brought up the night out in red white and out of the I was a voice in the light
Like
It is the Fu I mean smoked that out sound from the amplifier to the amplifier when you Toka watching daytime movie
I did a line, but it seems to be changing this time
In kana Let's set up Tteyuu not talking to such for the other PlayStation 4
We'll try now while Cho and whether to become what I feel a little monitor
It's old time I love our seaman and I will do it
It was not a Dreamcast, but when I did a Sima after I became a facility, I
It is too thankful that I used to make a blog about my sister's training diary, and I still read it from time to time .
So I just remember what I used to say
The game console is said to be the true winner if you take the terminal behind the TV
I'm talking
Is not it it is often not good enough pin Toko be another such story
With TV input
I'm only Urai who has a foot and I 'm in this area with that kind of wetland
That around here
There in that red white yellow suspension open I Rutte path bought I bought Te Chan' bought you
I was there
That's not it, I already put it on the shelf under the TV.
Even if the game console that took the place wins like something like
I remember that I was in now and I think it is not now
And that I no longer'm so Kane
If there is a pod, you can see the town of Neyama
While this stand before the taking up here I Ja I was wearing a we try Hey now this is
Should I put it down ?
It is useless and does not go with not a little drawn Tteyuu surprising and a telephoto this Yes This 8 agree
The short cut to happiness is to check
This is a happy shortcut to hit the next one in a row
4 I'll come back here Playstation Pangara is not here
You can experience the magical play with the controller dualshock 4
I will
Feb guilty ff the main us by all means your friends and family
Because
Hey hey you are creating a space so that the floor is visible
Is it a floor
Floor is about from either close the Naa curtain that can not be a little show put the lights of the room
It's 50cm a lot.
There is a limitation, so now it is like this way now
Finally , please make sure that the two screens look the same
Then there are 8 houseplants that will not decrease here in this room, but houseplants
I bought it
Kase Lighting
It's hard to find a partner on the sofa
The sound from I do not smoke something Photozou is amazing
Tracking amazing tracking wow this what this what this and a little sorry again
Please open a little Goi Nishi that press 4 press 4 4 15 dishes
I tried a little play with the Spanish-American small camera to open the Purese 4
Also a little variety
I'd like to play and I 'm buying another one so it's time to watch videos again
Dress a little
Playstation how the Oh-side point of view in a more
Let's open it up and let's play to deepen it again.
1 car
What's wrong